object[../assets/char_robotGuard.fbx.meta] success
object[../assets/char_robotGuard.json] success
object[../assets/fix.js] success
object[../assets/fx/hdr.json] success
object[../assets/soldier.bin] failed
object[../assets/soldier.json] success
object[../assets/soldier_fix.json] success
object[../assets/stealth.bin] success
object[../assets/stealth.json] failed
object[../assets/stealth_nrm.json] failed
object[../assets/textures/M4_DIF_01.png] success
object[../assets/textures/M4_NMM_01.jpg] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/char_robotGuard_body_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/char_robotGuard_body_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/char_robotGuard_helmet_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/char_robotGuard_helmet_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_a7_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_bulletinBoard_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_danger_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_drinksMachine_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_drinksMachine_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_exit_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_gunRack_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_h1_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_keepClear_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_map_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_notes_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_security_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_shutter_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_simulation_stealth_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_subLevel04_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/decal_terminal_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/fx_cameraView_alp.png] failed
object[../assets/textures/Textures/fx_floodLight_alp.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/fx_lineRenderer_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_airConditioner_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_airConditioner_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_antenna_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_antenna_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_barrels_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_barrels_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_appendages_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_appendages_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_baggageFrame_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_baggageFrame_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_barbedWire_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_barbedWire_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_blackMetal_dff.png] failed
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_blackMetal_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_body_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_body_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_boxes_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_boxes_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_canister_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_canister_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_canvas_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_canvas_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_carpet_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_carpet_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_crates_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_crates_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_lights_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_lights_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_sack_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_sack_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_tubes_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_tv_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_tv_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_wheels_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_wheels_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_battleBus_whiteMetal_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_cctvCam_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_cctvCam_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_ceilingJoint_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_ceilingJoint_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_door_exit_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_door_exit_nrm.png] failed
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_door_generic_slide_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_door_generic_slide_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_eyelet_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_eyelet_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_fan_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_fan_nrm.png] failed
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_faucet_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_faucet_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_hatch_A_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_hatch_A_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_keycard_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_keycard_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_laserFence_A_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_laserFence_A_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_laserFence_B_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_laserFence_B_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_lightBracket_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_lightBracket_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_megaphone_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_megaphone_nrm.png] failed
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_pipeBracket_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_pipeBracket_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_pipeJoint_A_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_pipeJoint_A_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_pipeJoint_B_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_pipeJoint_B_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_sciFiGun_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_sciFiGun_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_supportFoot_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_supportFoot_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_switchUnit_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_switchUnit_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_switchUnit_screen_locked_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_switchUnit_screen_unlocked_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_switchUnit_screen_unlocked_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_table_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_table_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_telegraphPole_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_telegraphPole_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_trafficCone_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_trafficCone_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_ventUnit_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_ventUnit_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_A01_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_A01_nrm.png] failed
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_A02_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_A02_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_C01_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_C01_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_C02_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_C02_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_D02_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_wallPanel_D02_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_washer_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/prop_washer_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/swatch_black_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_asphalt_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_asphalt_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_duct_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_duct_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_floor_simulation_A_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_floor_simulation_A_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_floor_tiled_A_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_floor_tiled_A_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_flooringRubber_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_flooringRubber_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_footer_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_footer_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_gutter_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_gutter_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_handrailYellow_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_handrailYellow_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_pipeGrey_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_pipeRed_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_slabsConcrete_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_slabsConcrete_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_supportUpright_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_supportUpright_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_tubeRibbed_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_tubeRibbed_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_wallConcrete_A_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_wallConcrete_A_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_wallConcrete_B_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_wallConcrete_B_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_wallPanel_B01_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_wallPanel_B01_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_wireFence_dff.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Textures/tile_wireFence_nrm.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Unity_Soldier_Body_NMM_01.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Unity_Soldier_Head_NMM_01.jpg] success
object[../assets/textures/Unity_soldier_Body_DIF_wip.png] success
object[../assets/textures/Unity_soldier_Head_DIF_01.png] success
